5/5 - worth the money entirely! Great card for a great price.
These are great.  Great video.
So far so good. It's working well in my new AMD 7600X build for productivity (not gaming). It's been very quiet unlike my previous EVGA 3050 video card that made annoying fan startup noises. It runs 4 monitors. See photos.Search Google for "2024 Development Computer Build" (with the quotes) for more info about my new build.
Great product
Using for 1080P gaming on good settings for most modern games. Runs cool and quiet. No issues with installation or updates.
Me encanta, pongo el juego del wukong a graficos cinematicos full ray tracing pero no es jugable en mi humilde opinion asi que no juego con ray tracing. Pero en general es una buena opcion para el 1080p siendo una grafica economica a mi parecer, pero se nota que este juego unreal engine 5 no alcanza ya ni los 60 fps asi que por lo unico que me gusta de jugar con esta grafica son las temperaturas bajas, aunque claro este rendimiento tiene un undervolt en mi 5700x y tampoco tengo ram ddr5 asi que tampoco me arme una pc costosa.
Works just as I had anticipated. For the price, it is a winner.
Genial, armé mi primer PC Gamer con esta gráfica y me fue super bien.
Recientemente adquirí la GIGABYTE Tarjeta gráfica GeForce RTX 4060 Gaming OC 8G y no podría estar más satisfecho con mi compra. Esta tarjeta gráfica es una verdadera joya, ideal tanto para los entusiastas de los videojuegos como para los profesionales que requieren un rendimiento gráfico excepcional para trabajos de edición de video.Rendimiento increible: Desde el momento en que instalé la tarjeta, noté una mejora significativa en la calidad gráfica de mis juegos. Los juegos más exigentes funcionan de manera fluida, con tasas de fotogramas altas y estables incluso en configuraciones ultra.Edición de video sin esfuerzo: Además de su excelente rendimiento en juegos, esta tarjeta gráfica es perfecta para trabajos de edición de video. Procesa rápidamente archivos grandes, 4k o superiores y maneja múltiples capas y efectos sin ningún problema en programas de edición. La aceleración de hardware es notable, lo que reduce considerablemente los tiempos de renderizado y mejora la eficiencia general del flujo de trabajo.Diseño y construcción de alta calidad: La tarjeta viene con un diseño robusto y atractivo, con un sistema de refrigeración avanzado que mantiene la temperatura bajo control incluso durante largas sesiones de uso intensivo. Los ventiladores funcionan de manera silenciosa y eficiente, asegurando que la tarjeta se mantenga fresca sin generar ruido molesto.Conectividad y compatibilidad: Con múltiples puertos, incluyendo HDMI y DisplayPort, esta tarjeta ofrece una gran versatilidad para conectar múltiples monitores y disfrutar de una experiencia multitarea mejorada. No tuve ningún problema de compatibilidad con mi configuración actual, lo cual es un gran punto a favor.la grafica GIGABYTE GeForce RTX 4060 Gaming OC 8G es una excelente inversión para cualquiera que busque un rendimiento gráfico superior tanto para juegos como para edición de video.  ¡Altamente recomendada!
Todo va de maravilla por el momento con esta gráfica, si llega a suceder algo actualizo. 😄
I bought this to replace a pair of 1060's. The 1060's were awesome, 7 years ago. But playing starfield reduced video refresh to a crawl. Now I run everything on high and there is barely ever a stutter. The next step up when I bought this was about an extra $900 and I just do not have the money for that right now. At $300 this was the perfect card for me.
Si quieres empezar armando tu PC esta es una muy buena opción, puedes jugar a su mayoría de juegos, por otra parte, la recomiendo si piensas jugar a juegos que son remunerados. Recomiendo esta de 3 fanes por temas de temperaturaTen en cuenta siempre que si requieres una PC veas para qué la quieres usar de verdad y en juegos la usarás conforme a eso puedes realizar una buena compra sin gastar de más
es la mejor tarjeta grafica para iniciar con un presupuesto mediano, rinde muy bien e incluso streamear se hace de lo mas fácil gracias a su códec y las tecnologías de la grafica, llevo un año con ella y hace 4 meses dejo de funcionar el RGB de la grafica. revise en varios sitios, mire videos, pregunte a colegas que tienen la misma grafica y a la mayoría les falla el RGB (busque en Reddit buscando alguna solución y solo encontré mas gente diciendo lo mismo, que les había dejado de funcionar el RGB), aunque siendo sinceros es solo un fallo de RGB y no se ve afectado en el rendimiento.En conclusión es una buena tarjeta grafica y la recomiendo para personas que quieran buena potencia pero no quieran gastar mucho. (el frame generation y el reflex es de lo mejor que existe)
No tengo palabras para decir que es una gran gráfica, por el precio ya puedes jugar juegos en 60 fps garantizados.
My cat knocked over my cup and fried my video card. It was a really nice, expensive one that I couldn't afford to replace at the time. My husband researched cards for me and found this one, which isn't as good as the one I fried but so far I can't tell a difference. Worth every penny.
Tuve que comprar esta grafica ya que la que tenia anteriormente la gtx 2060ti si me había dañado, viendo precios y consultando con unos amigos y reseñas me decidí por esta grafica y la verdad no hay comparación, muy buena inversión.
I built my computer in 2018 and added this to my rig and it gave new life to my pc.  Way better than my 1060 I had.
Muy buen producto, me sirve para juegos en 1080p
I have had nothing but good experiences with this thing really quiet, performs amazing. You do need a power cable going directly to the card. Running every game I play on max settings
Got for my son for Xmas, went with the big-daddy 3-fan card. It was literally the fastst upgrade we've done, it was back up and running in no time after installing the driver and software. Went with the Gigabyte version that came with it (from download link in the manual) instead of the one right from Nvidia. No issues. I was kind of surprised these didn't go on better sale during black friday, only 10 dollars off?! That's unfortunate Nvidia. But he'll probably be using this card for several years. Was a happy Xmas gift for sure.
I'm on a budget and I wasn't ready for the passing of a great hero. Let's all take a moment of silence 🙏 for the greatest GTX to ever OC. With it's 11GB of GDDR5X, stepping down to this POS really 🤕 Hurts 🤕.I will say that at 1080p this card isn't bad. Games are very playable. It can be forced to play some less demanding games in 4k (DLSS 3.5 on), but these fans do SCREAM at 100%.The GCC software is garbage 🗑️.Stick with MSI Afterburner. ✈️Update: With the latest update to GCC, The OC scanner does work now, and the fan controls are much better and you can now unlock voltage control. SO far so good.
Si tu objetivo son los videojuegos no necesitas nada más que esto, tómalo, es para ti, a menos que estés dispuesto a pagar el triple, no pienses en ir más arriba, solo gastarás más dinero por el mismo resultado..
4060 is as 4060 does
The choice between a Gigabyte RX7600 and this Gigabye RTX 4060 that had a $20 coupon so bought it.Tho it's a 1080 card it gives 75fps avg on Heaven at 4K, not bad at all.Picture quality and colors look good using an 8K certified HDMI cable.I'll update if anything changes.
Llego en perfecto estado y funciona muy bien.Para ser una gráfica gama media funciona bien. Recondada para equipos que no tienen graficas de gama bajas o cn gráficos integrados.
For the cost and performance of this card I would say it was definitely worth the money. $300 for a card that runs 1080p amazingly in my view. Yes the ray tracing test I did for cyberpunk were barely running 80 fps. with DLSS 3 (120fps) it isn't bad for the price. Great budget card for higher performance. Don't let the videos on Youtube talk bad about the card. Don't spend extra $100 for 22% performance.
Solid card for a budget build. Great cooling and no issues with install. Gigabyte puts out solid cards a a good price.
Upgraded from a old 1660 card to this 4060, all I had to do was update bios for the motherboard and was rocking and rolling, also bought a 1440p monitor and this card can easily play most games at 1440p on low-medium settings.
Very quiet, good temp, and affordable price with a good performance. Gigbyte Side LED colors changing randomly.
Cumple perfecto para lo que mas la necesitaba que era para mi build para el zwift
HUGE upgrade from a 1050ti. Silent. Great cooling. Low power consumption. NEVER has driver issues or buggy crap like that other company. Nvidia costs more for a reason...they are better. Just spend the money
Bueno
Overall the graphics card was good definitely an upgrade from my GTX 1060. What I was disappointed was the graphics card was shipped in the box pictured in the listing. Box came in ripped and torn. Should have been shipped in an Amazon box with protective packing. Luckily the card was undamaged and not stolen.
Upgraded from a Gtx 1080ftw paired with a ryzen 5 5600G(without overclock). Installed 4060 used Msi to overclock and I get 220-240 fps in Call of duty resurgence and around 200 in BR map.  I am very impressed with the performance for.
The media could not be loaded.Everything works as it should went to the website downloaded the software to control the lights on the graphic card
Perfect transaction
Great product and great price!
This gpu may be at a slight disadvantage to the 3060ti/6700xt currently, but in my use case where I only have a 500w psu this card allows me to continue using said psu, while the 6700xt has a tdp of 230w and the 3060ti has a 200w tdp this card is only 115w. I am very satisfied with the noise/temperatures of this card as well given it's low tdp and large cooler 5/5.
don't buy this, just go for a 3060, 3060ti or 4060ti. It is a good card but at a premium price for just 8gb is not worth it.
stays very cool, quiet and runs my all my games on 1080p ultra easily
The video showcases the product in use.The video guides you through product setup.The video compares multiple products.The video shows the product being unpacked.Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration0:00Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionscaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.Me llegó rápido y en buen estado. Honestamente no esperaba porque está muy económica. Valió la pena
I've now discovered a whole new world coming from a GTX 750Ti, and can't wait until my new 240Hz monitor arrives. I will be unestopable on Valorant, CS:GO and fortnite.
The video showcases the product in use.The video guides you through product setup.The video compares multiple products.The video shows the product being unpacked.Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration0:00Loaded:0%0:00Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionscaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.
La grafica es excelente para videojuegos sus temperaturas con juegos como elden ring, lies of p, genshin impact etc no superan los 50 grados!!! incluso con programas adicionales funcionando al mismo tiempo ya que la uso para streaming super recomendada!!
Llegó a Perú/Lima/Ate en 10 días. El producto llegó bien sellado y limpio. Agregaré otra reseña pronto cuando arme mi computadora y pueda probar la tarjeta gráfica. Por el momento se ve genial!!
Tardo menos de lo que decía que iba a tardar en llegar y llego en buenas condiciones!
Works....
Great upgrade from my 1070.
We have RMA'd this card multiple times now, VERY disappointing. It's in the mail more than it's in our PC. The RGB fails within a couple months. Otherwise, it works fine. But if you are going to put RGB on a card, then do it right. Wish EVGA still made GPUs.
La queja es que no viene con manual de instruccion y si eres una persona que esta por primera ve armando una computadora, te resultaria mas facil si lo tuviese.
Really impressed over all with this GPU, the price was unbeatable and it is a BEAST. Ide give it 6 starts if I could.
The media could not be loaded.Excelente tarjeta grafica, bajo consumo y un buen rendimiento
llego la tarjeta muy bien asegurada, dentro de sus tiempos  y funciona de maravilla
While I have no complaints about the Gigabyte RTX 4060 (GV-N4060GAMING OC-8GD), I didn't get to try it out as I returned it within 3 hours of receiving it. The item delivered by Amazon Delivery was in the original Gigabyte product box (not a bag or any shipping box) and the Gigabyte original box had clearly been opened (classic tearing on the box flap). Inside the box the GPU was in an electrostatic safe bag with tape on it that looked like it was originally sealed, but I was suspicious the item was swapped or something. The serial number of the GPU in the bag did match the serial number showing on the outside of the Gigabyte product box. However, under magnification the gold PCie pads were clearly scratched indicating it had been inserted previously into someones motherboard. I looked up the serial number of the product on the Gigabyte Warranty website and without a doubt, the warranty had already started ABOUT 6 WEEKS AGO.. So this was clearly a return that someone already started the warranty on. To be clear, the Gigabyte website says warranties on GPU's are NON-Transferrable, so there is no way Amazon can sell this item as new. Maybe the GPU is fine, but I purchased a NEW product and shouldn't have to be the one to accept an expensive product without a manufacturers warranty.
A really good video card for the money!  It made a huge difference in my gaming.
After about 2 months, I started noticing issues. The screen would black out for a second and come back. As my screen is a cheaper 4K TV, I suspected the TV. It was infrequent enough that I couldn’t be sure. Now, the card crashes when under any load. I tested my rig with an older card and it runs smooth as butter. This card crapped out on me.  I’m hoping for some support from Gigabyte, but we shall see,
Excellent graphics card at a great price
Excelente producto en relación a su precio
it only work for a week and when i tried to get help i got put on hold and then they hang up
Watch out for the size if you have sort of compact case -- this bad boy is 11 inches long and weighs over 2 lbs.  Its a mini computer in itself.
Onyx had it 4 months and quit. It's alot of money for a 4 month use!!
It’s a slightly high end graphics card and I very much respect them bring the price down by 300 I would recommend buying it when it goes on sale but it still performs great
Purchased this GPU card from a local brick store since it would be faster to return under Warranty for replacement but with the same price as Amazon.I had a Asus GTX 1070 GPU card that worked flawlessly for over 8 years. But unfortunately it was accidentally partially damaged and the GPU card would start losing video outputs under moderate graphic loads. So I decided to upgrade to the RTX 4060 which has the same 8 pin PCIe GPU Power connector as my Asus gpu card.The GPU card came with no extra accessories like power cable or manual or CD disk with Nvidia Graphics driver on it. But it came well packaged.Installed the 4060 it booted up without issue except I had no video since I hadn't installed the latest Nvidia driver yet. But I had video output to my HDMI Samsung Smart TV so I was able to enter BIOS to enable Rebar feature and also install the latest Nvidia Graphics driver.As soon as the Nvidia Driver was installed and enabled during the installation process I had Video to my DP LG 4k Monitor.  Unfortunately like my previous Nvidia GPU card I now have no video output to my LG Monitor but only to my HDMI Smart TV to be able to enter BIOS in the future until Windows starts then I have video output to my DP LG 4k Monitor.To get video output during POST to my LG Monitor I would need to enable CSM Mode in BIOS which I can do as a temporary fix if I need video to my LG monitor at that stage.Using GPU-Z I verified that Nvidia Rebar feature was fully active and working.Since I installed the GPU card the GPU fans hasn't once turned on due to "Zero" RPM feature because it hasn't yet reached the set temperature for the fans to turn on. In fact this GPU card runs much cooler than my Asus RTX 1070 by at least 5c - 10c cooler on average without the fans turning on.Ran OCCT GPU Tests and it passed without issue. Fans never turned on because the RTX 4060 never reached the temperature set to enable for the fan to run during the Stress test.The GPU card is a little above MSRP but it is a good purchase so far. Since I have only used it for the past 2 days I will update this review if I have any serious issues with the GPU card.
Did not turn on.
El rendimiento de esta tarjeta es espectacular por el precio que ofrece la recomiendo.
Mas de lo que se esperaba para jugar en 1080, corre de maravilla titulos como CyberPunk2077 o escape from tarkov, consiguiendo 200 fps con todo en ultra en este ultimo juego
The card dose the job
Excelente Gráfica de bajo consumo y excelente rendimiento con las nuevas tecnologías IA
It has a very good performance for any type of video game, getting between 100+ FPS is a good buy if you have a 5 gen processor. It also has a good ratio between performance and graphics quality but if you just want performance I have no doubt that you will get up to 350+ FPS depending on the game.
Buena tarjeta gráfica, software de Gigabyte muy bueno
