The card is of course somewhat expensive but compared to other choices I think this card has the most value. The card runs cool and is quiet.My only disappointment is that there is no RGB lighting.Thank you Amazon!
This is a great video card that should last for years.  It is big so check your case dimensions.  I ended up taking a Dremel to my case and cut off some of the bays I would never use again.
this card went beyond my expectations! it works SO well and everything is smooth. i wanted something that could load graphic heavy games i enjoy with smoothness and no issues, and i haven’t had nah! my main issue was the shipping and how long it took. if you are buying, calculate about a month before receiving. luckily my cpu had decent built in graphics. she works super well!
Card runs great with my AMD ryzen 9 7950x3d. Disappointed though says comes with black myth wukong. Did not receive code or anything to claim game once its released. Not sure why would say comes with game but didn't receive.
My 2080 ti finally died after 6 years of service. Decided to upgrade for less than half the price and she runs like a beaute. Runs great on 4k and around 120 fps on 1440p in most games. The price for this gpu is insane for its power and worth every penny for those looking for a sweet upgrade at not too bad of a price
If you are looking for a video card upgrade this is a great starting point if you can't afford the 4090 or the new 5070 when they come out. Easy install .
I love this card.  Had a newbe issue with getting it to run on my pc upgrading from a 1660 super but I got that figured out.  Note: I'm using a riser which needs a riser cable.  The Cable I had was a pcie 3 cable.  I needed a pcie 4 cable for this card.
It stopped working after a month.  Can't even return it. Not happy
Uhh great card & all but were is my game I was promised when I bought it? I’m in need of my WuKong
So far it seems to be good..  Replaced a covid era card I paid 4 times too much for, that was already going bad. The box wasn't sealed with any stickers but the card itself had 3 which seemed okay. As of now it seems to be running with about the same noise level and performance the old card had (a liquid cooled 3080 RTX).
GPU got in time and gave the expected performance.Just be aware of ur CPU. I have i9 10850k and I read in some websites that this CPU won't bottleneck 4070 super.Well... It turns out it depend on the game. In star wars jedi (both games) and Hogwarts legacy for example, my CPU did bottleneck the 4070 super.(I'm playing on FHD)
Great performance and look. Upgraded my PC from the RTX2080 super to this with a new MB and CPU and what a difference. Did a good bit of research and the RTX4070 super seemed to be the sweet-spot for price and performance right now.
I have plans to buy a different graphics card, but at the insistence of my boss who's a long time PC player, I took a leap of faith and went with this option and it did not disappoint. Haven't had any issues running the latest cutting-edge games I've tried. Would highly recommend
Fully working no issues so far.I was sceptical because I've read online that this is one of the loadest 4070 super, but after trying it I can confirm that it's dead silence even under load with great temps.The only problem I had with this order is UPS, they took ages to deliver it (I'm in Morocco)And other people here in my country are facing the same issue, so I really hope Amazon stop sending items with this company in the future.
Creo que la 470 super es en estos momentos la mejor tarjeta de video que hay en relación rendimiento, calidad y precio, todos mis juegos en ultra
Perfect for 2K @ 144 fps
This card is a beast! The fans don't even come on because the fans in my pc are enough. It's crazy. My 3080 fans blasted like I was mining btc but this card just kills it. My pc is a beast. Buy this card. I play games on ultra, while streaming, no problem!
good
Upgraded from a GTX 1080 and the performance it’s pretty significant, so I’m pretty happy with the purchase. Also runs very cool and quiet even under heavy load.
Amazing graphics card but I have one issue it's on modern warfare 3 and warzone I don't have the fps I am supposed to have .
Diseño simple pero eficaz, es todo lo que deseaba en mi primera gpu, muy emocionado por esta tarjeta
The only thing in the box was the card itself. It also came in a different box than the manufacturer’s. No manual, no cable. Will be returning.
Potente tarjeta relación calidad precio.
Missing part
built a new pc wit this graphic card
Great GPU for its price it is quite loud than other 4070 supers but overall good – highly recommended!
Best Card for 1440p
No me arrepiento de gastar ni un centavo con esta belleza.
This GPU is so powerful... on 1080p I can max out Cyberpunk 2077 which says a lot. Not that power hungry. Pared with R7 5700X haven't crossed 400W TDP yet. Using EVGA ,650W PSU.
Works very good 1440p gaming and 4k gaming too I am getting 150 to 200fps in almost every game in 1440p definitely worth it fans are also very quite and keeps the temps below 70c in heavy gaming too
