No noise whatsoever, Power consumption is minimal in comparison others, Gameplay has improved greatly because of the video quality, Pretty robust size, but in comparison to others, it works amazing, very sturdy
Disclaimer: this gpu needs a ton of power. It requires three PCIe cables to get it to display anything.That being said. Graphics? Amazing. If you’re worried that it’s bad quality? Don’t be. I got this thinking i’d get a messed up GPU with broken fans because of some of these reviews.For 50 dollars less and for the same performance as all the other 4080 Supers you get a really good card capable of 4K 60fps Max Settings any game. Ray Tracing is phenomenal but basically requires DLSS on certain games which is fine. Doesn’t really degrade any of the quality and overall looks amazing. I mean… i literally got like 120 fps at 4k on ghost of tsushima. (With dlss on of course) but even with it off i got a steady 70.And note: support bracket isn’t required. The card is huge though.
When it comes to the decision of power vs value, this is one of NVIDIA's crowning jewels when it comes to modern graphics cards. This GPU has it all- a large supply of VRAM, DLSS upscaling, Frame Generation, AV1 Encoding, near endless shader support, and much more. The GPU is also a colossally massive work of engineering that struggles to fit inside even the best of cases, but for those with the clearance, this GPU is near-perfectly balanced when it comes to value.Let me start by saying that if you are playing games at resolutions lower than 4K, you simply won't need another GPU for a very long time. On a pure rasterization standpoint, without any of the fancy DLSS features, I can run most modern and older titles at 4K medium to high settings all at 60FPS or higher, with most being over 100FPS. Once Ray Tracing is enabled, that number does dwarf substantially but can be quickly remedied by simply enabling DLSS upscaling and even Frame Generation in supported games. For those running 1440p, 1080p, or lower resolutions, it would be hard to find any game that will run lower than 100 FPS at Max Settings. Alan Wake 2, which is the most demanding game I own, runs at between 28-35 FPS at Max settings at 4K with Ray Tracing enabled, but that number jumps well over 60 when DLSS and Frame Gen are enabled. I mention that as that's the worst case scenario I've encountered, and even recently ported games from the PS5 such as Horizon: Forbidden West, Ghost of Tsushima, and God of War: Ragnarok all clear 100+ FPS at 4K Max Settings with DLSS enabled but no Frame Gen needed when paired with my 7800X3D. Plus, the GPU's massive heatsink and 3 large fans make this card rarely peak beyond 67 degrees when under load as it stays impressively cool despite all the power it uses. Needless to say, for gaming, there really isn't a need for anything better.However, that's not all. When it comes to encoding, this card delivers some of the best quality I have ever seen in my streams and videos. The AV1 encoder on this GPU makes my content look much less pixelated and with reduced artifacts compared to when I was still encoding on either x264 or NVENC settings. Additionally, the render times in some of my video editing applications are significantly reduced while still giving me that higher level of quality in my output.Now, the card itself is still quite large as mentioned, and it also uses the newer mini power connector that Nvidia introduced a few years ago. The GPU does include a 3 8-pin to 12+4pin adapter as well as a GPU stand, but the adapter was a bit too bulky for my case, so I did have to swap to a new power supply that had its own dedicated 12VHPWR cable for it to fit once my side glass panel was installed.On the software side, the NVIDIA app is a breeze to use, and drivers are also quick and effortless to install. The card seems to get incrementally faster with each polished update, and for the games that can support all the features it has to offer, it really is a masterclass in its own respect.Overall, with all the raw power this GPU provides, as well as support for DLSS upscaling and Frame Generation, this card will last through the test of time for even the most demanding games. While not quite as powerful as the 4090, which may give you a slight edge in Ray Tracing performance over this 4080 Super, for those who don't use RT features, there simply isn't anything better. I highly recommend it!
The card actually performs really well. It runs at like 30° idle with fans at the minimum of 30%. Really quiet at that temp and fan speed.It'd be great if that's all it did. As soon as I put it under any load the fans would revv wildly for a few seconds and spin down just as fast. Even when it wasn't hitting the temps I set for my fan curves. It ignored all fan curves completely.I tried MSI Afterburner and even tried the Velocity X from PNY themselves, neither worked. Not even a undervolt would get the fans to stop revving.Seems a few others are having the same issues with their cards. Maybe they aren't all bad and I just got a bad one but I wouldn't take my chances. I will be returning the card.
I bought this graphics card as my RTX 3080 wasn't quite cutting it for more demanding titles in 4k.  Like many I had given up hope at snagging an 4090 at MSRP, and the non-Super 4080's value proposition just wasn't it.  The 4080 super's big draw is the the reduced price vs. the standard 4080, there's not a noticeable uptick in performance apparently.Honestly, I didn't have preference in AIB brand, I kinda wanted an Asus TUF,  but I may have dodged a bullet there with their reported coil whine.  The PNY I ended up getting was priced at MSRP and was available at launch.  This is a beefy card,  3 slots tall, and about 13.5 inches long,  it's even more substantial than my 3080.  It also runs pretty cool.  With a mild OC  (+100 on the core, + 750 on the memory, which isn't the limit),  it never gets above 77C when benchmarking,  typically gaming temps (stock clocks) around 70C-73C.The 12VHPWR connector sticks out from the side of the card awkwardly,  but it does click into place so you know that at least in theory that it's connected properly.  Also the anti-sag bracket that it came with was incompatible with my motherboard.  So I looked to reuse to old one from my 3080,  no dice, it didn't work either ( the support was going to end up blocking a fan on the card).  So I ended up getting a 3rd party solution (the Asus bracket) that works fine.Aesthetically, it's pretty generic looking, there's no RGB and the only thing that lights up the PNY logo on the side.Performance is good, there's about a 40%-50% uplift over the 3080 in raster performance, but that can double with frame gen enabled. In Cyberpunk I went from 85-90 FPS at 4k with no ray tracing at all,  DLSS performance mode, and mostly medium settings.  To 90-100 FPS at 4k with ray tracing set to high and everything else set to high and DLSS quality mode with framegen turned on.  Turn off ray-tracing and FPS shoots up to 120-130.  At the same settings as the 3080  I went from 85-90 FPS at 4k  to 115-125 FPS (without frame gen).  It's not the biggest upgrade I've ever gotten for a graphics card,  but what it does is get you over the hump so to speak for 4k gaming.  You can truly get a 4k, triple digit framerate experience with this card without having to make many visual sacrifices in many/most games.  That may or may not be important to you.  The 3080 *could* run most games at 4k at 60 FPS (or a little better), but you were going to have to pick and choose settings to sacrifice in order to maintain that framerate. With the 4080, you can crank up the detail level, have ray-tracing if you want it,  and still hit high frame rates with just a few exceptions.Finally,  4080 Super availability has been fairly solid.  I didn't have any trouble ordering one on launch day. However that did not stop the scalpers from doing what they do.  Do not buy this or any GPU for more than MSRP.  At MSRP the value of this card is just enough to be acceptable,  at $300-$500 over MSRP it's not worth getting at all.
The card does its job very well.  All games in 4K with high frame rates.  Not too loud when the fan is at full speed. Power connector was easy to connect.  Overall, very happy with this card.
The title of this review says it all, pretty much. Despite the weird influx of negative reviews saying this card listing on amazon was overpriced, I purchased this card from amazon listed at the MSRP of $999.99. Please keep that in mind moving forward, as obviously my opinion on performance for a $1000 card would be different than on a $1150+ card with identical performance. After doing lots of research on this specific card, including reading lots of helpful teardown articles that detailed PNY's design choices, I can conclude that this is a great deal with few drawbacks (mostly preference).Firstly, I must say that this was a godsend when I was parts shopping for my most recent build, as I really desperately wanted an all black, no-rgb card with a very clean looking silhouette. A rare sight in today's market of Strix red and blue cards and all of the Decepticon-looking design choices made by a majority of vendors. PNY kept it classy and simple, and I have to give them points for that. The card is just as large as any other 3rd party 4080, at roughly 13 inches in length and requiring 3 gpu bracket slots in my case. The build is exceptional quality, with a hefty heatsink and metal backplate, as well as a slightly textured black finish on the GPU shroud.Unfortunately for some, the fans need to be set on a custom curve out of the box. If you are chasing a dead-quiet plug and play GPU, you might want to try your chances elsewhere. All of my case fans are nearly silent Arctic p12 and p14s, so its easy for me to see which one of my components is being noisy. It's really not a huge deal, as setting up a fan curve fixes it perfectly and only takes 2 minutes in afterburner. I'd also recommend undervolting this card for the fan noise reasons mentioned above. It's best to let this card stay cool, and from my benchmarks there is no performance hit, which is nice.There is no ability to go over the stock power limit! Meaning that in afterburner, you cannot set the limit to 10X%. It is going to be at 100% limit stock. This is a shocker, as PNY is one of the only vendors I've seen that did this, and I'm not sure why, or if they'll allow it in the future. As mentioned above, undervolting is beneficial regardless, but if you were looking to really push this card above and beyond in core overclocking, look elsewhere.Finally, a preference based drawback is there is NO RGB. Which is a plus for me, as I was exclusively shopping for cards that had little to no lighting areas so my all black ultra clean build could be cohesive. However, yes, there is no rainbow capability on PNY's GPU shroud. The only illumination is the PNY logo in a soft white color, which I don't mind. From what I can tell, there is no way to change the color of this logo unless you change the color of the physical LED. As you might be able to tell, I'm a little OCD about the all black, no-rgb theme, as I used to work professionally in graphic and web design, so color blocking and theme need to be as perfect as I can manage.It may seem like this card is a box of cons, however I really have to nitpick when it costs $1000. It really is a phenomenal card if you're looking to upgrade from the 20 series, or a mid-range 30 series card. The card is exactly as expected and performs like a 4080 Super should. I know it's controversial that a SUPER card is just marginally better than the original counterpart, but as someone who was close to buying a 4070 Ti Super because the og 4080 was too expensive, this card was an obvious choice. I try not to get caught up in hanging onto the "Super" advertising, as this card is ONLY a free $200 discount off of the original SKU.TL;DR - Buy this card if you want a 4080 at a more reasonable price and favor a clean, all black aesthetic for your next build. Set up a custom fan curve with MSI Afterburner and you'll be a happy customer.
The media could not be loaded.I was limited to my 4080 Super choices based on the length of the GPU. I saw this one was going to fit, I did some research on it and went for it (Also saw Jayz2cents use the 4090 version in a build for himself)! So far it's been excellent! I've tested it with various games and 3D Mark Timespy and it runs quiet, cool, and performance is superb for a 4080 Super! Disclaimer: I do have an NZXT H5 Flow case so airflow is quite good for my setup witch helps with keeping things cool, so yours may vary depending setup. Also it's a 3 slot card but that's good cause it's a chunky card with some weight to it. Anyway, I would recommend it if you don't want to stray too far from the recommended MSRP of $999 for a 4080 Super.
I didn't set out to buy a $1000 GPU though I don't regret my purchase. Mainly bought for EVE Online my 1080 couldn't handle having 4 accounts open at same time without minimize 2 of them. I could of lowered my settings but that just makes it less enjoyable. This GPU handles all my games on max settings and allows 4 EVE accounts while watching TV or Youtube on my second screen. I have 34" Ultrawide 2k and 32" wide 1080p this card doesn't have a problem with anything I do. I wouldn't hesitate to buy this again though when I need a new card we should be 2 or 3 generations further.
If you are here looking for RTX and 4080, you probably already know what you are looking for.  What can I say, this is a powerful GPU that will make rendering of videos and playing games simple.  Its price tag is high but worth it.I built my new computer and this was 1/3 of the cost of it for good reason.  You are buying something powerful, and the rest of your system should match if you want to maximize your experience.
I thought my 3080 was big (upgrading from a 1080) until i got this 4080. The size of this GPU is quite massive. It’s super quiet and temps are always low. Not only that but it has less power consumption than my 3080. Very satisfied with my purchase!
Works great with games, and no lag or other issues.
Working amazing
If you're suffering from a GPU bottleneck, look no further. This is your fix.
Bought this to upgrade from a 3070 TI as I was having trouble getting the fps I wanted on my widescreen monitor (3840 x 1600).This card is a beast, running everything I can throw at it with high frames, lower noise (than my 3070 TI), and higher graphics settings. I'm able to run Ghost of Tsushima at the highest settings.This card is also a beast in terms of size and power needed. Even though I have a full size tower, I had to remove a drive cage from the front to allow for the extreme length. It also includes a support stand to hold up the weight and prevent sagging and possible damage to your motherboard.It includes a power adapter which requires 3 6pin connectors. My previous card only needed two 6 pins, but thankfully my power supply had an unused 3rd I could use.My CPU (5800X) is probably my bottleneck now and I guess my next upgrade down the road.No point in getting this level of card if you are only gaming at 1080p, but at higher resolutions this is a must have unless you want to go to almost double the price with a 4090 but that is truly overkill for most people.
love it, runs games at 4k with solid fps. It rarely goes over 70c under max load. might be a little loud for some but i don't really care about the noise. The size is something else though i had to remove it a couple times after installing and getting to the locking latch on the motherboard was a huge problem, my fingers were too big to reach it and without the proper care i could damage my motherboard. If i used a screw driver to open the latch which i almost did, it would've probably ended horribly.
great price, great product, would never buy again lmao
The best bang for your buck in the PC market since the 1080Ti. Highly recommend.
Just upgraded from an RTX 2070 Super to an RTX 4080 Super.  PNY builds these very well, and supplies everything you need to install the "card" which fits like a....  Well, its a big chunk for what they call a graphics "card".  Graphic log?My game environments are now like places I have never imagined.  Thats how profound this card is.
This performed exactly as I would expect for any 4080 SUPER, but the build quality is questionable. The two outer fans would read really out of range fan RPM numbers and cause it to raise the fan speeds to the maximum. I found that the board connector pins were not soldered fully. I believe this is an issue many other PNY users experienced, since I have heard complains on reddit about these fans being "dead" or revving up too high. To mitigate (and not wait), I connected the "faulty" fan directly to my motherboard and used FanControl. It's been perfect ever since.
I'm loving everything about this card, and it performs far better than my old laptop ever could. I personally have no issues with fans or the build quality or anything of the sort. Temps are awesome too, never hitting 70°C in my use so far (including Cyberpunk).While it is large, I don't think it's too big and the way this looks is perfect for my build. I'd definitely say it was worth my money. Especially compared to what the original 4080 in price.
PNY is a solid brand I didn't see why they were considered less kind of like zotac maybe priced too well but the annoying white LED is not even able to disable let alone configure. Some of their software reminds me of 80s gamer style is functionality too. However very well made and great stuff not just the Nvidia chip but the cooler, connections, attention to detail. Just work on software and let us at least turn the led off if you won't do ARGB for 100 bucks I don't want to pay. Thanks
I love the beast of a card this card is. Performance is out of this world. Though one thing I would be careful with is making sure that the size is right. The card is abnormally large and bulky so making sure it fits in the case is crucial. I had to move case fans to fit the card.
I've wanted this upgrade for quite sometime and was quite happy when they made it available, as one who likes to play in 4K when applicable the extra power is a nice thing to have.  I've not had the chance to try more heavy ended games that pushed my system hard in the past yet but so far in my experimentation it def handles demands of current gen games much better however this will most likely the last card I can fit into my current casing since the card is massive, it barely fit and if was a 4090 it def would not have so make sure you check your measurements before purchasing.  Now to plan and save for that eventual motherboard and cpu upgrade somewhere down the road.
Works great very happy with it.
I did a rebuild of my spouse's PC to upgrade her GPU. The rebuild was to put everything in a bigger case because this processor was a BEAST. So, new case, new power supply. Games that were stuttering prior to the upgrade are now running smooth as silk. The wife is happy, so I'm happy.
This GPU can play pretty much any game at 4k max settings 60fps. Cooling is very good and I didn't notice any loud noise from the fans. It's a very big card however, and I had to move my front pc fans to the outside to fit this beast in the case.Also it's very power hungry. I have a 1000w PSU so I'm fine, but you'll need a powerful PSU to feed it.Overall, a very good graphics card but with a few caveats.
That's about all I can say, this thing is a beast.  Massive upgrade from my old card.  It is BIG and TALL though, so make sure you have the room in your case and a powerful enough PSU.  Definitely recommend a video card stand/support for this card too.
Es una gran GPU
Nothing more to say really, just a really good GPU for the price. Fans are quiet and the build quality seems to be good.
Looks good, and is very quiet. It came with a stand bracket thing. Sometimes when I start my computer after a shut down it'll start eith fans at 100% then they ramp down to 30 and act normal after that. The Temps are good enough that I don't wanna send it back but I'm gonna see what gigabytes aero oc versions Temps and fans are like and if they're comparable ill prolly send this back tbh. It's a small issue but a issue is a issue at $1100.
No complaints
The last card you'll but. This is the best possible card without jumping to the 4090s ridiculous price range. 16gb of vram is INSANE. Get yourself one of these ASAP. Just make sure you have a good enough PSU! Cyberpunk ray tracing on ultra solid 80 frames on an ultrawide. What more could you ask for.
The included GPU bracket does not fit properly. The holes on the bracket are off by about 1 - 2mm so it does not line up with the holes in my motherboard.
Bought at MSRP of $999 from Amazon. Arrived earlier than expected, just in time for the three-day weekend. Installed without issues and booted cleanly. So far, happy with the performance upgrade over the previous RTX 3080 card. Not sure, however, I would pay significantly over MSRP and feel particularly good about it.
Dont buy from 3rd party sellers/scalpers, buy from amazon.com at MSRP. Arrived sooner than the listed expected date.No issues with the card. If upgrading a PC, make sure to uninstall all existing display drivers (even igpu). Card is cool and quiet, temps have never gone over 65C for me.
I got a stable overclock of 150 on the core and 1400 on memory. I haven’t gone higher but it seems to be able to go more.
Works great, very quiet, temps are good, no fan issues.
It a great card would recommend over the 7900 xtx only if you can get it at msrp
I recently purchased this card “brand new” just for it to arrive at my house open box with the interior packaging already opened. I plugged it in and it worked fine but had a bad fan bearing that caused a horrible rattling noise. After reading other 1stat reviews I saw one that mentioned they received one with a bad fan bearing and were told to return it to amazon. Pretty sure amazon shipped me their bad gpu as a “brand new” one…
Arrived quickly. Works great. Very, very large GPU, but it does the job. Very quiet as well.
GPU worked, but had a very annoying “clinking” sound coming from what appeared to be a failed fan bearing. Took awhile to diagnose and noticed other 1 star reviews highlighting the same issue. Not sure if Amazon is reselling the same card over and over or if PNY has a bad batch of fans.
Fan controller is busted, which based on other reviews here and elsewhere online this issue is common with this card. PNY requires a full replacement to fix it. So 2-6 weeks without your card or deal with a lot of noise when the fans randomly spin up from zero to max and back (plus the fans breaking early due to all the extra wear).I would buy probably any other 4080 super brand.
i am so stressed out buying this graphics card, unfortunately it didn't work properly; windows doesn't detect it, i made the return 5 days ago, and i haven't received any news about this. i need my money back to buy another one but i don't know how much longer i have to wait, i also tried to get them to send me a new one and they wouldn't accept it, it's very strange the card was connected directly with the pcie 5.0 cable to psu and it didn't work. i connected my old graphics card and everything was working fine. why does it take so long to give the refund when the product is defective?
My motherboard will not read the GPU no matter what i try. Through tech support & hours of plugging & unplugging, and nothing. I am in the process for a refund now. Stay away from this card.
The fan curve on my card was completely broken. The fans will ramp up from 0 to 100 back to 0 constantly. Even light GPU loads will sound like someone is rapidly turning a wind turbine on and off. Trying to set a custom fan profile in software like MSI afterburner does nothing as the sensors do not report accurate fan speeds. As of writing I've found no way to adjust fan speeds, they simply act on their own accord.Avoid PNY like the plague until they've addressed this problem, as looking online I'm not the only one with this exact issue and customer service seems to be reluctant to admit that this is a widespread issue.
The media could not be loaded.The card's nice rectangular design and sleek look with no childish rgb bs is ruined by the fact that the fans are broken. There is no way to control them, the software VelocityX and MSI Afterburner both do nothing, the fans seem to do whatever they want.  They report wrong speeds (says it's 30% when it's clearly not), and during games they constantly spin up and down and never go silent even if the card is only like 50 degrees.  I had to return, there was no way I was going to keep this.
PNY seems very shady; does not respond when you inquire about warranty. Stay away. Buyer beware.
Mine arrived with a bad fan bearing that created a loud rattling noise. When I contacted PNY to ask about fixing it they told me I could either return it to Amazon and buy another one or send it to them with a 4-6 week turnaround time with no loaner or replacement offered. PNY doesn’t stand behind their products and effectively told me to ask Amazon to make it right.
After installing the GPU there was no display I made several changes in settings as well as BIOS but nothing fixed it. I purchased another 4080 super from a local store and got display with out issue so I returned this one. Probably one in a million issue but still annoying.
Fan controller is faulty and the fans ramp up to 100% even when GPU temperatures are low.
The fans jump back and forth between 0% and 100% every few seconds, regardless of load. Only buy if you like having a leave blower turn on inside your PC every few seconds.
For $1,000 it should at least work. After a lot of diagnosing this card worked in nothing. Could be a fluke but wanted to share my experience.
This gpu came on a prebuilt. At first it ran great. But after a day or two i heard grinding coming from one of the fans no matter what speed i had the fans running on. Turns out it was a bad fan bearing. It pissed me off having to wait almost a month for the rma process. So hopefully you have better luck than me when you purchase this gpu. Other than the fan problem it was solid.
This card is great.
PNY GeForce RTX™ 4080 Super 16GB XLR8 Gaming Verto™ Epic-X RGB  love it
PNY store is a scam. The store was selling the PNY 4080 super for 40% off. I bought it, recived email for the order. Order was posted for several days. Then I get an email the seller for the item is no longer active. SCAM. Amazon lousy quality control to check seller and seller advertising a product for sale and cancelling the sale after products are sold. PNY store is a SCAM!!!
Purchased this card. After installation and use noticed the fan speeds were spiking to ridiculous levels. Had a friend who ordered the exact same card. His had no issues at all. The fans will randomly spike up to 100% speed every few seconds and then back down. This is insanely loud and distracting.A google search showed others with this problem as well. It's not a standard fan curve thing. It's an issue with the fan controller being defective. Reached out to PNY about it and they said there are "no known issues" with the cards. They requested a ton of photos, fan speed read outs etc which I sent them. They just tell me "Our engineers are investigating". When I asked about returning it for another one they told me "we cannot allow for an RMA at this time as we do not know that anything is wrong with the card".It really sucks to spend $1k+ on a high end card to not only have it not work properly, but then the company try to say nothing is wrong when there very clearly is something very wrong with the card.You might get lucky and get a good one like my buddy did, or you might end up with a broken card the manufacturer claims is working fine.
Don't support this kind of folk.. Don't buy card more than it's original price. It's only 999...
Don't pay 1400 for a 999 dollar card, it's a rip off.
Bought for 999 euro, great purchase at that price.Card has a massive cooler, fans seems to be good quality as well. Remains pretty silent.Neutral black design, no RGB, just a white PNY LED logo.Can't say much about the PCB quality, but the card just works.
La 4080 Super XLR8 présente un problème principal : la vitesse de rotation des ventilateurs est fixée à un minimum de 30%, ce qui signifie que la carte passe directement du mode "fan stop" à 30%, soit environ 1470 tours par minute.Il est impossible de créer une courbe personnalisée avec Afterburner ou le logiciel de PNY, car celle-ci commence toujours à 30% de rotation.Cela correspond à environ 33 dB, ce qui rend la carte agaçante si votre PC est silencieux. C'est dommage, car la carte est très bien refroidie, les ventilateurs auraient pu tourner bien moins viteNe vous fiez pas aux tests de la 4080 XLR8 (non Super), car le BIOS n'est pas le même, et la version Super est plus bruyante.
Carte graphique de bonne facture.  Aucun soucis de chauffe de mon coté.  Plusieurs profils créé via Msi afterburner.Profil 1  undervolté ou la carte ne dépasse pas 225 watts à 100 % sur les jeux. Tout en ayant une fréquence de 2.650 GHz.  (925 mv)Profil 2  Overcloqué  2.920  GHz  ou la carte tire 320 watts dans les jeux ( Alan wake 2)Pour le moment je n'ai pas dépassé les 55 degrés avec les ventilateurs à 32 %.Mon boitier joue certainement un rôle , c'est le Thermaltake Level 20 XT.
Doubled the 4K gaming frames compared to a GtX 1080ti so for me it was a long overdue upgrade, now my intel 8700k cpu is the bottleneck. Nice to have a modern card and be behind ultra settings more often. Temperatures in my cold location are about 73deg c max full load for hours. Happy with purchase.
Customer service or not customer service is more like it. Do not buy unless you would like a graphics card for a paper weight. Tech support a complete and utter joke. As it seems they are just there to deny claims no matter what. I sent in a card for RMA with whatever was wrong with the card in pictures and print, which they just denied it anyway. Buyer beware - I repeat do not buy PNY... If i could give it a zero i would but does not let me do that. DO NOT BUY PNY EVER..EVER...EVER...
Purchased the RTX 4080 super to replace the RTX 3080(CPU: Ryzen 5800x3d). Really impressed with the difference on the upgrade . Averaging about 180-240fps in COD resurgence with ultra settings @1440p.
La verdad para ser mi primera GPU sin RGB la veo de una manera muy estética y muy linda, hasta el momento no me ha dado ningún detalle mi tarjeta
Received a card with a bad fan bearing. For something this expensive they really could put more money into the fans. My old 1080 with a Noctua mod is so much better noise wise. Even without this issue the fans are annoying. If I set up a custom fan curve, the fans will start as soon as the card is doing anything, even if it is way below the temperature threshold. And when starting the fans they are revving at 1500 rpm minimum. Not recommended for non-headphone use.On the plus side the overall build quality seems good and it has a big cooler. The PNY software VelocityX is confusing and the fan curve seems to only apply if the application is open. Perhaps a user error.Update: There is an updated firmware which sets the fan minimum RPM to 1000, which makes for a huge improvement in noise. It is not available for download from PNY directly, but it is circulated on some forums.
La tarjeta funciona genial, no hay ruido de bobina. Es muy silenciosa y fresca. Lo mueve todo sin despeinarse en 4k. Buenas construcción.
Je m'en sers tous les jours depuis l'achat. Très bonnes performances. Permet de faire tourner tous les jeux en 2K 144Hz sans soucis avec un deuxième écran.
