It's absolutely nerve-wracking ordering a gpu online, but I gotta say, this was the best order in every way. The seller was fantastic. They did not price gouge the card. This card is had to find in stores and they were priced right. They gave email and tracking number. It was fast shipping as well, projected 5 days and got it in 3. The box was original sealed and perfect, Numbers matching. The 4090 is as expected. I run it stock with no additional software or fan curves. I play everything on ultra and temps stay around 68c and fans at maybe 50%. So, great seller and great gpu. Total piece of mind, is always worth the little extra in price.Read more
I ordered this GPU from another country, I was afraid it would arrive with damages but the product is so well packaged that it didn't arrived with a single scratch, the performance is amazing and it looks cool af.Read more
I love this card!  I went all out on my custom, system build. ASUS Hero Max mother. 128 GB Cosair, 8 strip Led Cosair lights, Power Supply 1600 watt Cosair, (4) Samsung SSD 1 TB drives, (4) WD 4 TB Sata Drive, (5) M2 Drives, Intel I9-12900 Raptor,The card runs a cooler than my ASUS 3090 24GBRead more
The media could not be loaded.Gaming at 4k is great! Temps are average 60 degree. The GPU does come with a sag stand but you don't really need it but with the weight of this card using it gives you a peace of mind. There was a slight coil whine one time gaming but it never came back again. I game about 1 to 3 hrs a day. Thanks readingRead more
This think was A very nice upgrade from My 3090 ti FE. More so for the beauty in my white build but the power and boost in FPS are very noticeable. Definitely want to use the included support that comes with it cause this thing is a monster.Read more
The media could not be loaded.I was genuinely excited about the ASUS ROG Strix GeForce RTX ™ 4090 White Edition Gaming Graphics Card, but unfortunately, the experience has been far from smooth. To its credit, the card manages most games with impressive efficiency. However, when I started using DisplayPort for 3D applications, I encountered significant difficulties.For some reason, the card fails to establish a successful DirectX 3D interlink with DisplayPort, which severely impacts shadow rendering in 3D programs. It’s not a cable issue either, as when I switch to HDMI, the problem doesn’t occur.The technical investigation points towards a possible incompatibility or glitch between the DisplayPort 1.4a, used by this card, and DirectX 3D rendering. What’s more, I also found that this issue prevents successful benchmarking of the computer. Every benchmark program I’ve tried encountered a DirectX 3D error, rendering them unusable.What has been most disappointing is the response, or rather, lack of response from ASUS. I’ve reached out to them about this significant issue, but they have not even acknowledged my concerns, let alone provided assistance.So, in conclusion, while this card might be a good fit for general gaming, the DisplayPort and DirectX 3D rendering issues, compounded by the inability to benchmark, significantly undermine its value, especially for those who work heavily with 3D applications or like to keep track of their PC’s performance. I, therefore, feel compelled to rate this product with a single star. ASUS, you’ve let us down on this one.Read more
Spectacular, I have jumped from a strix 3080, to this strix 4090, it has less coilwhine (almost nothing, very low) and I love that, it is very cold (it does not exceed 50c in load while playing)I have it with a corsair rm1200x shift, 7950x3d, an O11 Dynamic Razer edition (I had to buy the VG4-4-V2X vertical bracket), it came with the updated 12v-2x6 connector (H++), also with the vertical bracket the cable stayed straight10/10 recommendedRead more
Expensive for gpu’s but the price matches performance and more. Came from 7900xt (great product for price). While not running to its full potential, still runs ahead of the current generation and past it. Quiet, power efficient and powerful. Just double check to make sure it fits your case and that you understand how to use 12vh pwr connector properly.Read more
It has been a week now and hopefully I won't revise my review here. It works perfectly fine, luckily it works perfectly fine and no coil whine either 👍Read more
Let me say this thing is a monster runs most of my games maxed out I have a 2560x1440p monitor which the 4090 is over kill for but my monitor is 240hz and most games I’m getting my max hz.There is a few games that don’t make the 240 but 90% of them do, if you want to go overkill on your pc this is the card I will not be upgrading my gpu for a looong time nowRead more
